Support dynamic UI menu query (#11005)
apache/skywalking: docs/en/setup/backend/configuration-vocabulary.md

| -                       | -             | maxThreadCountOfQueryEBPFProfilingData                                                                                                                                   | The maximum thread count of query the eBPF profiling data from database.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | -                                                     | System CPU core size                                                                         |

> | -                       | -             | uiMenuFetchInterval                                                                                                                                                      | The UI menu should activate fetch interval(in seconds).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | -                                                     | 20                                                                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| -                       | -             | uiMenuRefreshInterval                                                                                                                                                      | The period(in seconds) of refreshing the status of all UI menu items.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | -                                                     | 20                                                                                           |
```
